[TS-1928] Provided `IListener` interface for implementations (#42)
th2-net/th2-conn-dirty-tcp-core: README.md

  main purpose is to mangle outgoing messages. It can also be used to send unsolicited messages and preform
  unexpected connections/disconnections.

> * [listener](src/main/kotlin/com/exactpro/th2/conn/dirty/tcp/core/api/IChannelListener.kt) - optionally channel listener.
>   Its main purpose is to listen performed operations in a channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [listener](src/main/kotlin/com/exactpro/th2/conn/dirty/tcp/core/api/IChannelListener.kt) - optional channel listener.
  The main handler can implement it to get additional information during the execution.
  It is notified whenever the following operations are executed within the channel:
  * message published to MQ
```
